

                WinRAR - What's new in the latest version


   Version 3.71

   1. Archive names in rar.log error log file always include
      the full path.

   2. WinRAR tray icon is compatible with high DPI display modes.

   3. If you modified a file in archive with encrypted names using
      an external editor, WinRAR will not ask for archive password again
      when prompting to update a file. It will use a password which
      you entered when opening an archive,

   4. Bugs fixed:

      a) switch -tl and "Set archive time to latest file time" option
         could fail in previous version. Sometimes they set archive time
         to current system time instead of latest file time;

      b) if -ag switch mask contained archive number, month and minute
         characters, WinRAR placed 'I' character instead of minute value
         into generated archive name for archive numbers exceeding 1;

      c) high ASCII names in ISO files using ISO 9660 format without
         Joliet format extension were displayed incorrectly;

      d) WinRAR could crash when decompressing some of corrupt RAR archives;

      e) if "Turn PC off when done" option was set in "Convert archives"
         command, WinRAR turned PC off after converting the first archive
         in selected group instead of after converting the entire group;

      f) if user specified a non-existent destination path in SFX archive
         in Vista, SFX could enter into infinite "create new SFX window"
         loop;

      g) WinRAR could fail to unpack an individual file from subfolder
         of ACE archive using the drag and drop.


   Version 3.70

   1. Numerous Windows Vista compatibility changes:

      a) help format changed from old HLP to newer HTML based CHM;

      b) GUI self-extracting modules attempt to request for
         administrator permissions if they cannot create destination
         folder under current user account;

      c) Log file rar.log and WinRAR theme files are stored
         in %APPDATA%\WinRAR folder instead of WinRAR program files folder.

         Exported settings file settings.reg is also stored
         in %APPDATA%\WinRAR folder by default, but it is possible to
         select another folder in "Save WinRAR settings" and "Load WinRAR
         settings" dialogs.

         WinRAR searches for registration key and settings.reg
         both in its program files folder and in %APPDATA%\WinRAR;

         It is possible to set the string value "AppData" in Registry key
         HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\WinRAR\Paths to override the default
         %appdata%\WinRAR path for WinRAR settings.

         For example, if you wish to store theme files in WinRAR folder,
         set this value to "c:\Program Files\WinRAR".

      d) Vista compatibility changes in WinRAR shell integration;

      e) New "Request administrative access" option in "Advanced" page
         of "Advanced SFX options" allows to create SFX archive,
         which will request the administrative access when started
         in Windows Vista.

         Command line equivalent of this option is -iadm switch.

   2. Added support for ISO 13346 (UDF) file format. This format
      is frequently used in ISO images of DVD disks.

   3. Added Unicode support for ISO 9660 files, so WinRAR should
      handle non-English file names in .iso files better.

   4. Design changes in window displaying archiving and extraction
      progress:

      a) it provides more space for file names, allowing lengthy names;

      b) it displays the current archive name in separate line,
         allowing much longer archive names than before;

      c) when archiving, it displays the current compression ratio
         in separate line;

      d) it can use both standard Windows and classic WinRAR progress bars.
         Turn on "Windows progress bars" option in WinRAR "Settings/General"
         dialog to use standard progress bars. By default this option is
         on if some Windows visual style is active and off if Windows Classic
         theme is selected.

         Windows progress bars are two color only, so they do not indicate
         the current compression ratio. But now the ratio is displayed
         in separate line;

      e) "Mode..." button moved to bottom of window.

   5. GUI self-extracting modules support following command line
      switches:

      -d<path>     set the destination path
      -p<pwd>      specify a password
      -s           silent mode, hide all
      -s1          same as -s
      -s2          silent mode, hide start dialog
      -sp<par>     specify parameters for setup program

   6. GUI self-extracting modules do not pass the entire command line
      to setup program like they did in previous versions.
      If you need to get access to entire command line of SFX archive,
      parse sfxcmd environment variable which contains this command line.

   7. New switch -sc<charset>[objects] allowing to select character
      sets for archive comments and list files. It replaces -fcu switch
      introduced in RAR 3.60, which was removed from list of supported
      switches. Now you need to specify -scuc instead of -fcu to use
      Unicode comments. Unlike -fcu, -sc also supports OEM and ANSI charset.

   8. New "Save archive copy as..." command in "File" menu.
      This command may be useful if you opened an archive from Internet
      directly in WinRAR and then decided to save it on local disk.

   9. "Word wrap" command added to "View" menu of WinRAR internal viewer,
      so you can change the wrapping mode of already opened viewer window.

      State of this option is not stored between viewing sessions.
      If you need to change the default word wrap mode, use WinRAR
      "Settings/Viewer" dialog.

  10. Buttons "Up" and "Down" added to "Organize profiles" dialog.
      Using these buttons you can change position of selected profile
      in the list.

  11. Operation progress is displayed when adding the recovery record.

  12. If WinRAR is minimized to tray and mouse is over its icon,
      WinRAR diplays a message about the current operation progress.
      In previous versions it included only percent done, now it also
      contains the time left information.

  13. Console RAR displays "Calculating the control sum" message
      when calculating CRC32 control sum for newly created RAR volume.
      Previous versions also calculated the volume control sum,
      but did it silently.

  14. Archives history list in "File" menu allows Unicode names,
      providing more reliable support for non-English archive names.

  15. Stack overflow vulnerability has been corrected in password
      processing module of console RAR and UnRAR. GUI WinRAR is not
      affected. We are thankful to the iDEFENSE LABS for reporting this bug.


   Version 3.62

   1. Bugs fixed:

      a) stack overflow vulnerability has been corrected in WinRAR module
         processing 7-Zip archives;

      b) WinRAR GZip module could set a wrong file date when unpacking
         GZip archives.


   Version 3.61

   1. Corrected a bug in multithreaded text compression module,
      which under some circumstances might result in corrupt archived data.

      This bug was present only in multithreaded mode and only
      in WinRAR 3.60. RAR versions for other platforms are not affected.

   2. Resolved a compatibility issue preventing WinRAR 3.60 to run
      in Windows 95.


   Version 3.60

   1. Multithreaded version of RAR compression algorithm improves
      the compression speed on computers with several CPU,
      dual core CPU and processors with hyperthreading technology.
      Multithreading is enabled by default, but you can disable it
      in "General" part of "Settings" dialog.
      
      In the command line mode you can control multithreading with
      -mt<threads> switch.

   2. WinRAR can display the folder tree panel allowing to navigate
      in disk and archive folders. Use "Options/Folder tree" submenu
      to enable the folder tree. It can be configured separately
      in file and archive management modes.

      Folder tree replaces "Browse for folder" command previously
      available in "File" menu and uses its Ctrl+T keyboard shortcut.

   3. Now WinRAR "Rename" command also works with ZIP archives.
      Previous versions could rename files only in RAR archives.

   4. Added decompression of LZH archives created with "-lh7-" algorithm.

   5. New "Remove duplicate folders from extraction path" option
      in "Settings/Compression" dialog.

      If this option is on and you unpack an archive which root folder
      has no files and only one 'somename' folder and if destination
      folder is new or empty and also ends with '/somename', WinRAR
      will exclude one 'somename' from resulting 'somename/somename' path.

   6. New "Define volume sizes..." button in "Settings/Compression".
      This button activates "Define volume sizes" dialog. Here you
      can customize the list of predefined volume sizes associated
      with "Split to volumes, bytes" field in archiving dialog.

   7. Speed of RAR general compression increased for some data types.
      Depending on data type and size the gain may achieve 5 - 15%.

   8. New "Rename automatically" option in the extraction dialog
      and command line -or switch to rename extracted files automatically
      if file with the same name already exists. You can also enable
      the auto-renaming mode directly from the overwrite confirmation
      prompt with "Rename All" button.

      Renamed files will get names like 'filename(N).txt',
      where 'filename.txt' is the original file name and 'N' is a number.

   9. "Set modification time" option in "Advanced" part of extraction
      dialog is accessible also for ZIP archives. Previously it could be
      changed only for RAR archives.

  10. "Multithreading" option added to "Benchmark and hardware test"
      command, so you can compare performance of usual and multithreaded
      versions of RAR compression algorithm.

  11. New 'ch' (change archive parameters) command line mode command.
      Its purpose is to apply switches like -av, -tl and -cl to archive.

  12. New 'cv' command line mode command. It provides the command line
      interface to WinRAR "Convert archives" command. It is supported
      only by winrar.exe, not by rar.exe.

  13. New command line -sl<size> and -sm<size> switches to set size
      limits of processing files.

  14. New command line -fcu[file] switch allows to read archive
      comments from Unicode files. It also modifies behavior
      of "cw" command, setting the comment output format to Unicode.

  15. 7Z added to list of formats stored without compression
      when using -ms switch without a parameter.

  16. Switch -e[+]<attr> is now supported by most of command line
      operations including extracting and deleting files. Previously
      it was supported by only archiving command.

  17. It is allowed to use environment variables in archive name
      in archiving dialog, in destination path in extraction dialog,
      in folder names on "Compression" and "Paths" pages in WinRAR
      settings. For example, you can enter '%temp%' in "Folder for
      temporary files" field.
